# Fly-Easy
This Fly Easy project is entitled Online Flight Booking Management System. It is a web-based application developed using PHP Language as the back end and MySQL as the database. The system allows flight ticketing agencies or businesses to provide their possible clients to book their flights online or without actually going to their offices to book their desired flights. It has a pleasant user interface using Bootstrap Framework. The project consists of user-friendly features and functionalities.

The Online Flight Booking Management System comes with 2 modules which are for the Management/Admin and the Client-Side/Passengers. The system requires both sides' system credentials to gain access to the main features of the application. On the client side, clients must register their accounts by filling in all the required fields on the registration form. The system Administrator is the one who is in charge of populating the list of airlines and flights. The admin can manage also the flight information such as writing an issue, updating the flight as departed, or updating the flight as arrived. The registered clients can simply list and book their desired flight by filling first the flight form which requires them to enter their desired depart and return dates, type of flight seat (Economy/Business Class), and the number of passengers ticket to generate. The system also contains a payment feature using the client's Visa/Credit/Master Card. After the successful booking, clients can list, manage, and print their tickets on the "Tickets" page or see some updates about their flight on the "My Flights" page.
